happy new year a little late people but
at this time I hid as you see have
something very special to to present for
this from you
as you see it's dump Erin young vintage
2004 brut champagne well pour it and
I'll be right back to you okay everyone
we're back with Dom pérignon vintage
2004 group champagne this is kind of
becoming a haven't new years of me
reviewing champagne which is the thing
to do I guess um okay so let's go to the
parents well really it looks like any
other campaign did put a lot of bubbles
and that's probably the most noticeable
difference now let's go to the aroma
really that isn't it changed any other
champagne or sparkling wine I've drunk
okay let's order the taste
you know this is a as it says down here
a brute not up not a not a swim Adi or
any other kind of sport when it is
champagne it's from France but it's got
more of a crisp finish than anything
else I've drunk so this is you know what
can you say about Dom Perignon they only
do vintages and you know what else is
there to say about it it's very crisp
very flavorful very fruity um you know I
paid over $200 for it so so when you pay
that much money you expect to get it and
you definitely do here doesn't
disappoint so I'll finish this review by
saying this is an easy five out of five
okay everyone it's Russian Christmas Eve
tomorrow so if you celebrate that Cheers
and as you go out all if you look at the
matroyshka doll in honor of that